back when I was little and kids TV shows
but much better than they are now there
was a massive program called the Rugrats
which I absolutely loved I used to play
rugby arts games on my computer my
playstation one my GameCube and my
gameboy and I could heated the ball but
recently there's been a theory go around
the internet what has been going around
for quite a while and when I read it it
completely destroyed my childhood and
everything I thought of the Rugrats I'm
here to share this with you this is the
dead baby theory okay to start it off
I'm going to tell you that there's no
babies that you watch from your little
yeah none of them were real they were
all dead and not only were they dead
they were just a figment of Angelica's
imagination mm-hmm okay it started off
our protagonist of the program this is
Tommy he was actually a stillborn
which means when his mum gave birth and
he wasn't he already he died in the womb
that is why Tommy's dad is constantly in
the basement making toys and tried to
cope with his depression of his lost
childhood and making toys to his child
that was never around maybe that's my
favorite character little Chuckie is
adorable this ginger hair if you watch
the show you know that's Chucky's mum
died when he was a baby
well according to this theory Chucky
died alongside of it his month may be
from a car crash and not sure but they
died together and that's why Jackie's
dad Chaz has got loads of anxiety issues
and he's like really nervous all the
time because he loves both his wife and
his child
twins now according to this theory the
de Vil's has an abortion
and a Juncker heard of this and she
didn't know if the baby was going to be
a boy or a girl so therefore she created
the twins one boy one girl because she
didn't know what the unborn baby was
gonna be and they joined the little dead
baby back the last baby is very very
different to the rest little Dale he is
real he wasn't he didn't die he was born
healthy perfect little baby but because
of this new baby it confused Angelica
and she basically couldn't tell the
difference between her imaginary babies
and this real baby dil and apparently
one day when Dale was basically crying
and he refused to go away like the other
babies dead Angelica hit him over the
head and caused him brain damage which
is apparent later in program like all
grown up which is amazing program
oh girl that really want to shout it out
or groan thump well no maybe so but Jess
you can't just think theme tunes like
that get back to the point
apparently he showed characteristics of
being slightly disabled or mentally
challenged in
or growing up because he had brain
damage according to being beaten up by
Angelica he thought he was imaginary all
that kind of thing the next big thing
about this is if you watch the show know
you know that a jelica is obsessed with
this dogwood Cynthia and apparently it
is representation of her real mother
called Cynthia who was a drug drug
addict and died of an overdose her mum's
shown in the program is apparently her
stepmom who basically married in for
money and she's quite controlling over
Angelica so therefore she's created she
made a Barbie doll look like her real
mother so messy hair and ripped dress
and space cooks trucked up to be honest
so she can always have her mother near
her even though she's gone I just got a
message so yeah that's about it in a
nutshell if you want me to do any more
of these cars and conspiracy theories I
know a lot I know many cartoons with
smooth lyrics was it really interest me
of what people think really happen in
the cartoons just you know other people
who really believe in this theory think
that this was a true story about a real
girl caught Angelica and yeah that's why
they made it because I don't even know
to be honest I don't really believe in
it but it does some bits do add up and
it was very clever whoever came up with
it
there like I said I know loads of these
of many different programs so if you
want me to do one another one comment
below a program and maybe I know
conspiracy for it or yeah also Sharon T
friends to basically ruin their
childhood too because you don't have
ruin it's hard to buy yourself you have
to ruin everyone else's that's why I'm
making this video because I don't be the
only one in this and also subscribe for
more and yeah I'll see you next time bye
people like my age and they're still
talking like we did were like in your
server and we thought we were cool you
know
typing like use instead of you and all
of that like text talk internet talk
whatever you call worse
yeah and they still do it I mean you've
gone through the whole of education you
should know like now how to like write a
proper sentence
another thing about technology that I
absolutely hate is basically all the
technology I think is like conspiring
against us like where we actually want
to get something done like it was a
really important thing that you you see
like some famous parts in the street you
want to film it suddenly your phone
aside No